docs(python): enhance intro (#7234)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/intro-python.md

playwright codegen wikipedia.org
```

## With Pytest

See [here](./test-runners.md) for Pytest instructions and examples.

## Interactive mode (REPL)

Blocking REPL, as in CLI via Python directly:

```bash
python
```

```py
>>> from playwright.sync_api import sync_playwright
>>> playwright = sync_playwright().start()
# Use playwright.chromium, playwright.firefox or playwright.webkit
# Pass headless=False to launch() to see the browser UI
>>> browser = playwright.chromium.launch()
>>> page = browser.new_page()
>>> page.goto("http://whatsmyuseragent.org/")
>>> page.screenshot(path="example.png")
>>> browser.close()
>>> playwright.stop()
```

Async REPL such as `asyncio` REPL:

```bash
python -m asyncio
```

```py
>>> from playwright.async_api import async_playwright
>>> playwright = await async_playwright().start()
>>> browser = await playwright.chromium.launch()
>>> page = await browser.new_page()
>>> await page.goto("http://whatsmyuseragent.org/")
>>> await page.screenshot(path="example.png")
>>> await browser.close()
>>> await playwright.stop()
```

## Known issues

### `time.sleep()` leads to outdated state

> You need to use `page.wait_for_timeout(5000)` instead of `time.sleep()`. It is better to not wait for a timeout at all, but sometimes it is useful for debugging. In these cases, use our wait method instead of the system one. This is because we internally rely on asynchronous operations and when using `time.sleep(5)` they can't get processed correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should use `page.wait_for_timeout(5000)` instead of `time.sleep(5)` and it is better to not wait for a timeout at all, but sometimes it is useful for debugging. In these cases, use our wait method instead of the `time` module. This is because we internally rely on asynchronous operations and when using `time.sleep(5)` they can't get processed correctly.
```
